The Black Rocks are a popular cliff diving/jumping
area on Presque Isle, I grew up doing it as
a kid, I bring
my kids there, so its just kind of a place
that geographically captured a little bit
of Marquette's adventurous
spirit
you're gonna jump 17 feet into icy cold water,
you better muster up a little bit cause its
not gonna be easy
and you're gonna get a little shock, so we
kinda felt that thats somewhat of an embodiment
of what we are
you know, it represents Marquette in a way
that people are like, oh yeah, I know Black
Rocks, well now they
know both
you know I think we're serious, don't get
me wrong, but we're also kind of done with
being serious, you know
we were in corporate world for a long time
we wanted to be able to be whimsical if we
wanted and we wanted to
be able to be light but make a quality product,
and so I think it kind of developed both as
a culture in the
pub as a cool place to be, a good place to
hang out and meet people, I mean we have people
that have met and
fallen in love, gotten engaged, gotten married,
we have people that became friends because
of their interaction
and its cool cause we don't have to do all
the thinking now because we have a lot of
other fun, creative people
that are involved with Black Rocks and make
it what it is
I think if we just have that atmosphere where
you know we keep it open and people can feel
that and they can
come in from anywhere and say, you know this
would be really cool if you guys did this,
hmm, not a bad idea
its really hard to put a name on it, its really
just kinda, fun